may  you not a very trustworthy source when it comes to nutrition when your basis for
everything  is well the digestive the best so that we can convince people that eat it so that we can say
for  him crosthwaite
can  say a
the  laugh
but
we  often
always  a shame when you feel you know a really great
but  you realize it would take
too  much time to explain it to your audience you really great joke with the person
you  want tell that joke to
doesn't  already have the background
to  get the ponies
take  you to an age
i  don't find it fun
i  don't find a funny all
that  a natural vein here last
the  fellow
laughs
who  are out there
trying  to argue for a diet
so  that they could say
i  don't find it funny
and  gus
what  i do here it's partly rational it's partly philosophical
partly  sentimental
my  girlfriend and i will talk about this that every time i added a video
as
and  i'm somebody you know my university agrees political science
he  read so many descriptions of mass murderer atrocities crimes against humanity
he  gets
i  get emotional and a choke choke up to that kind of razor
and
i  wouldn't have it any other way
i  don't envy people who look at slaughter house food age and feel nothing
i  don't envy people who read about mass murder by communist
gems
he  was going to see this is more salient to the suit of the video
then  you think it's going
there's  a really strange irony is really strange and settles hilarious joke
or  punch line
in  this most recent video from a natural began in which he takes on the
authority  of doctor doctor neil bernard
fortunately  recorded while to explain what the joke is and probably none of us will be
laughing  but the time i get
on  the one hand i don't think
she  or any one else took the time to look into what doctor
milburn  ard is a doctor of
what  is it actual area of experts
and  formal education
psych
did  any of you know that can we have hands up in the room did any you guys take time just go
to  wikipedia look up doctor milburn see what he actually studied comforters
are  formal training is not what the famous for
apparently  since about nineteen eighty five he's been more or less obsessed with began
i  can sympathize
i  think i used to be obsessed with began atavism and in a lot of ways
i'm  trying to quit i'm trying to recover
be  that as it may i really do something
but  neither die nor nutrition nor anything to
do  with mines is as erasistratus nor sports medicine nor exercise
nor  weight loss nor hurt sure
anything  like this nor even diabetes
doctor  eberhard
doctor  of
it
the
family  from
but  this is where it gets really funny
she  invokes in fact the only substantive part of a natural begins
argument
is  based on the work
philip  lock ph
do  you go catch that his name shows upon screen in addition to her
her  saying it
doctor  philip tell
his  research is quoted to try to prove her
totally  cynical and insincere point
somehow
dreda  doesn't apostoli about that his authority shouldn't be taken
seriously  on the basis of his shall we say amateur interest since ninety
five  doctor milburn art someone who has devoted
more  time the second movement more energy and with more very
palpable  outcomes than almost any one else since neither eighty five
doctor  millboard
i  mean would it be too much to say the single most successful he activists in the world
or  founder of the single most successful three an agency in
the  world
that  is notation that eaten creatively a more positive example
than  pete
definitely  a more
positive  example in mercy for animals or anything carried for antonio
it's  probably the single most positive example we can point
to  in the entire history of began
so  even if he's an amateur he certainly amatures got out of experience from next
neefit
what  was this research by philip tatlock
that  sweezy is here invoking
poor  point about diet and iteration
if  you actually just heard the quotation i can put up a screen or heard the way she she used it
you  think this is some kind of point directly applicable
self  styled detrition experts who have an overly simple theory
focusing  on just one notion like low fat or high protein
or  high carved or enthral
keegan
no
doctor  philip tatlock ph d
did  not do his research on diet did not do his research in nutrition
he  did his research in my fields
political  science
sorry  honey i don't think you even read the wikipedia article on doctor philip padlock
here  is an example of the type of question he was asking and that's the basis for his claim
correctly  understood not a cynically misunderstood to make your petty
point  against doctor gilbert
or  oublie most successful leader the viga movement currently has or ever has had
in  its history purceville tatlock did surveys in which he asked experts
in  politics so styled so without fied experts of politics with very subornation the sorts of
people  who appear on p b and night line appear on television and in newspaper
columns  giving their expert opinions
he  asked them questions like
how  likely or unlikely is it
that  the soviet union will invade poland during the year nineteen eighty
now  my point here is not merely that unnatural began is misrepresenting
resources  that she's misleading her audience that she is presenting something as client died
in  nutrition when it is not and that she's trying to discredit
bernard  on spurious
the  reason why this really is a laugh out loud in
if  you're familiar with either of the sources of authority being invoked here
yelper  and teach
the  ultimate point of ted locks are
is  that we ought to take a mature opinion more serious
that  people with direct experience who learn outside of academia their
predictions  and their perspectives really do matter
and  then when we were inside the heart out
inside  the
so
the  narrow turning and authoritarian attitudes of people who have phania
field  there often the people who are the most misled who have the most
misplaced  confidence in their own expertise and their cold
if  we were actually sincerely reading the work of doctor philip tatlock and applying it
to  the scenario
we  might come to the conclusion that we should take the perspective of an amateur
a  psychiatrist like dreibund who just been sincerely eustis
for  decades that we might want to take that much more seriously
that  some one who is an expert
in  diet and nutrition
so
then  the work of filial and others has shown that people who have one big idea to
explain  everything are very bad at accurately modeling the world predicting outcomes and recommending
effect  of action political predictions about future come
with  the main point being was he misrepresents her
traditions  are especially inaccurate
when  the people making the predictions believe in one big idea or
one  guiding idiot
they  obviously were talking about communism
again  my area of expertise not yours we are
i  don't think you checker wikipedia article on any of the big impressive sounding names
you  take from your video i don't think you had any sincere engagement with the issues
and  questions that your race
and  that for me ultimately is the punch line dat me really is
so  that we had been pepeeta we do say moran